Regex reference (#22210)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/regular_expressions/backreference/index.md

```js
/(b)\1/i.test("bB"); // true
```

The backreference must refer to an existent capturing group. If the number it specifies is greater than the total number of capturing groups, a syntax error is thrown.

```js
/(a)\2/u; // SyntaxError: Invalid regular expression: Invalid escape
```

In non-[unicode](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/RegExp/unicode) mode, invalid backreferences become a [legacy octal escape](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Deprecated_and_obsolete_features#escape_sequences) sequence. This is a [deprecated syntax for web compatibility](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Deprecated_and_obsolete_features#regexp), and you should not rely on it.

```js
/(a)\2/.test("a\x02"); // true
```

If the referenced capturing group is unmatched (for example, because it belongs to an unmatched alternative in a [disjunction](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Regular_expressions/Disjunction)), or the group hasn't matched yet (for example, because it lies to the right of the backreference), the backreference always succeeds (as if it matches the empty string).

```js
/(?:a|(b))\1c/.test("ac"); // true
/\1(a)/.test("a"); // true
```

## Examples

> 

Reviewer: I like the example of matching duplicate words `'(\w+)\s+\1'`, it seems to be a common basic one.

### Pairing quotes

> The following function matches the `title='xxx'` pattern in a string. To ensure the quotes match, we use a backreference to refer to the first quote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following function matches the `title='xxx'` and `title="xxx"` patterns in a string. To ensure the quotes match, we use a backreference to refer to the first quote. Referring to the second capturing group (`[2]`) allows us to access the string between matching quote characters:
```
